welcome to YouTube channel policy plus
today we are going to see IC Elevate new
plan from ICC Lumbard before going to
video I request all if you want health
insurance please call 934
936 in
WhatsApp first we will check basic cover
that is in build
cover room rint is single AC room we
will get ICU there is no limit dayare
all dayare cover up to sumers sh pre and
post hospit 90 days and 180 days P
treatment like Sida unani aam treatment
up to sumers suit cover modern treatment
like robotic surgery chemotherapy up to
sumers sh Road ambulance up to sumers sh
non-p payable no
coverage bonus claim free year 20% and
maximum uh coverage will increase up to
100% restore unlimited
available Argan donor expenses cover up
to sumers
prary all cover up to suers do
hospitalization means patient Health not
good to take hospital or Hospital not
having bed in this condition we can get
claim in home
also periodic surgery cover up to sumers
Su that is weight loss surgery Sate
mother cover and hton donor cover up to
5 lakh this both are for
reproduction like this ivr treatment
something wellness program 30% discount
wellas program means we have to walk
certain steps and do some exercise we
will get um premium discount on
renewal waiting period for this policies
General 30 days waiting period and a
specific surgery like kidney stone
hernia joint replacement 24 month um
pre-existing disas 36 month these are
the basic uh about this plan
basic premium or 10 L Zone c means up to
17,000 premium
coming now we will check addon cover or
optional cover if you take Hardon or
optional cover premium will increase our
radius based upon the cover
power booster that is a bonus but here
uh there is no maximum limit every year
uh bonus 100% uh that means uh 10 lakh
policy after 10 years become
one infinite
care uh policy lifetime only one time
you can claim maximum amount as much
Choice claim productor this is nonp
payable items cover and Health checkup
you know maximum you can claim up to
5,000 room modifier you can change any
room or sharing room inflation productor
based upon inflation your summer Sho
will increase jump start from 31 day you
will get cover for asthma diabetic
hypertension hyber limia obesity uh
coronary artery disase this
is very good feature in this
policy also you have the option to
reduce ped to 2 years or one
year another best feature specific
illness like KY Stone Hera joint
replacement you can reduce the gting
period to one year
also Confluence benefit if you
stay 10 days or more than uh 10 days
Hospital means you can claim up to
20,000
uh different accommodation means uh
Hospital cash benefit per day th000
maximum 10 days you can
claim compensate visit uh if any of
family member uh went to outside your
city 5 days hospitalization means you
can uh claim travel expense up to
20,000 durable medical cover
like wheelchair ventilator like this
medical device we can get claim nursing
at home post hospitalization if doctor
suggested uh nursing service need means
he can claim per day
2,000 a maternity benefit up to 10 plus
or 1 lakh we can possible to claim mity
also 2 years waiting period but we can
have the to reduce one year
also personal exteral
coverage Rider they are
giving critical illness also 20 critical
illness they are covering if any of
critical illness come means we can claim
up to uh specifi lumsum
benefit voluntary co- payment if you
select this option your premium will
reduce
network advantage if you select this
plan uh you have to take treatment in
network Hospital only uh so you will get
10% premium discount be fit this is like
a out personent cover worldwide cover
you can get worldwide coverage in all
over the world this is above the summer
sh
limit uh normally worldw cover is 2
years waiting period but that also have
another Rider you can reduce to one year
also then air ambulance facility also
they are given as a optional
Rider another good feature NRI Advantage
if you are NRA you take this policy and
submit the proper document as same as I
will stay next year in abroad only like
this document if you provide they will
give acal emergency cover also so
premium 25% discount but you cannot
claim any claim other than accidental
emergency in India or
worldwide if you had any Rider uh for
example a claim protector is very
important Rider if you take this policy
with claim protector your premium will
be 18,000
another important Rider uh power booster
uh this are also very good feature if
you take this policy with power booster
and claim protector your premium will be
around
20730 please share your suggestion and
feedback in comment section if you like
this video please share this video to
your friends also subscribe this channel
for health insurance please call 934 936
in WhatsApp see you in next Insurance
video